we are back on Pennsylvania Hill wonder
or now New York we've been pretty hard
what's up really frosty out this morning
I think I did a little bit more napping
I did humming but we only saw a few doe
were on the back side of the property
and some of the hardwood area we have a
pretty decent wind and we'll see exactly
what's gonna happen here I think that
Jeremy and I are both on the same page
that conditions are pretty good and
we're high side of a ridge and we have a
pretty good possibility of even seeing
the bear or so we're gonna take that
chance as soon as it presents itself but
we will be back with you hopefully with
a kill or some kind
I really would like to fill a tag but
you know if it's meant to be it's meant
to be we'll see in a bit
all right marked a shot at black bear
came in behind us couldn't get him on to
fill him because he was kind of like
sitting right there in the trail seated
black he walked over this way walk in
with the 2/7 he came back over here and
herded the old death drone was pretty
pretty amazing
we got a call friends I'm sure yours on
necks Ridge over he just walked over
done
alright alright we just got down and
walked over it saw Jerry walking over he
went to the four-wheeler but uh female
black bear I don't know I'm gonna say
200 pounds maybe 225 yeah you see this
shot right there in the front left
shoulder I'm the only one a deer camp
this year hasn't shot a buck so why not
a bear right absolutely
I'm really psyched I can't believe it
once again I'm I'm hunting with my best
friend Jeremy Rowbotham and you know I
just love he's kind of like my my good
luck charm so thanks again Jer
we both Jeremy ended up spot and I'm
behind us we heard him heard this girl
playing around and for a good 25 minutes
before we've seen her but at first we
didn't know what she was or what it was
out there and we ended up spotting her
and Jeremy said grab your gun and she
stood behind a tree for a little while
but we ended up getting her one shot if
they could double under 270 Stevens
Savage so shooting 150 grain core lock
Express Oh rock and roll man thank you
so much Jerry congratulations mark
thanks brother